Good morning family, praise the Lord. I wanted to show you what the Lord did, and I believe this is a sign and a wonder for where we were.
Look, I put dye in there and it dyed my hand blue. I just want to give God praise because of what He did.
We were in severe drought here in Oklahoma—a bad drought—and it was starting to mount up to the point where there were fires and all kinds of stuff starting to happen going into the winter months.
We don't get a lot of rain in the winter, and we don't get a lot of rain at this time of the year in November.
But I set out and started praying over the weather back in October, speaking to the rain and calling it in.
The Lord gave us an inch in 24 hours, and it's still going to rain all night tonight and all day tomorrow, which is amazing.
In a 24-hour period, it filled up this gauge—five inches of rain—plus we got over an inch and a half, so six and a half inches of rain in less than 48 hours so far.
We have more coming. God is exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think. That's the kind of God we serve.
If you just believe, all you have to do is stretch out there and believe by faith that you receive, calling those things that be not as though they were, speaking to the circumstances to change.
Look, this is fruit. This is cold rain; I can feel it, it's making my fingers numb.
I just wanted to say all things are possible to him that believes. Don't give up on what you're believing for.
This is just something simple, but to the farmers, this is a big deal.
Five inches of rain fills up the ponds and the lakes and gets us through.
We were going through a severe drought here in Oklahoma, but God can turn it around on a dime.
If you just believe Him for the supernatural, believe Him for over and above all that you dare ask or think.
We have more coming—six and a half inches, folks, that's a lot of rain in 48 hours.
Look at what Jesus does; it's like it parked over us and was dumping.
Glory to God. We just want to tell you all thank you for joining us.
My wife is going to come on today and talk to you all; she has a word from the Lord.
The Lord woke her up and she has been sitting on this for a little bit because she prays over it like me.
But I told her it's time for her to share that word the Lord gave her.
She's going to talk to you all now about this word; she has two amazing words.
She'll talk today and tomorrow about the things the Lord has been revealing to her. We'll pray together, take communion, and believe God.
The Lord said He wants us to start praying more, so we're going to pray for no rioting because I've seen some riots in the spirit.
The Lord told me to come against this rioting about the election results, against the spirit of division and the spirit of Antichrist, that our nation will not fall toward rioting and pillaging and people will cool their jets and be at peace.
I believe this is a sign that it's time for the rain of the Holy Spirit and a supernatural drink.
I hope you're thirsty today because Jesus is ready to fill you.
Glory to God. Let's go straight to my wife now. 'Good morning family.
I just wanted to come on and tell you this word the Lord spoke to me. It was in between my sleep and awake as I was waking up.
He started speaking to me, and as I wrote, He paused until I could finish writing it down.
It was just flowing; it blessed me and I know it will bless you.
He was showing me the ones He can trust more, He gives multiple endowments and can use them more.
Then I saw a three-stranded cord: healing, glory, and prayer. Prayer must be a pillar, for it will sustain you.
If you don't operate in a prayer gifting, who are you anyway?'The deeper you go with Me, the more I can use you.
(I really like what you just said, I think you should emphasize that.) This is for every minister; this is for anybody who's called to the five-fold ministry to walk in the giftings He's called them to.
What He's saying is the ones He can trust more, He gives multiple endowments and can use them more.
I saw in the spirit a three-stranded cord intertwined like a rope, and the three-stranded cord was healing, glory, and prayer.
He said prayer must be a pillar, for it will sustain you. If you don't operate in a prayer gifting, then who are you anyway?
Prayer is your foundation. As He was speaking to me, I'm just trembling and shaking.
I saw in the spirit that I was before His throne room. I felt His tangible presence fall on me.
Then He said, 'The deeper you go with Me, the more I can use you, and the more I will require of you.
For if you truly know My heart, you know if I can't move through you and get it out to others, then what use are you?'If you're asking for the Lord to use you and He puts an anointing on you, but He can't get it through you because you're in fear or unwilling to talk to that individual, then what use are you to Him?
You're bottling it up. Check your heart each and every day; this is vital for you in the coming days and always.
It's for your protection. He will not be mocked; He will have a move and manifestation of His glory.
Then He was talking about what the Lord told Brandon about the older generation going home—the greats.
There's going to be a great baton passing. He said they have asked, but in their heart, they are tired.
They use it as an excuse, and I'm tired of hearing it. If I can't move through you, I have no use of you.
They've had long lives; this is a promotion. They are coming home.
But they have begged Me to use them mightily, and they cannot ask the things they have asked then turn their back on Me. It's a stench to My nose.
You can't ask Me to use you and ask for long life then withhold yourself from allowing Me to distribute the impartations.
My gifts will not be held hostage. They either move with Me or I'm calling them home.
They say, 'Why, Lord? Why do you want me to do that?'and I'm tired of it.
Get in sync with Me or get off the boat. I'm not held back by age, race, or time.
This is a mockery of My endowment. Think about what He just said. He's not moved by age, skin color, or time.
If you say He can't use you because of your race, you're missing it.
Man looks at dumb stuff, but God looks at the heart. Get in sync with Me or get off the boat. He'll use whoever will yield himself to Him.
'Be careful what you ask for if you cannot be in sync with Me and check your pride at the door.
If you question Me all along the way, then you shouldn't be asking for it.
There's no time; I don't have time to keep explaining myself to My refiners.'I love that He referred to them as refiners—the ones who have been through that refining fire.
'If I can't move through you, I have no more use of you. So be careful, daughter, what you ask for, because everything I endow I will place a demand on, not just for a measure of time.
There's a greater purpose for My movement and the manifestation of My glory.
The harvest is plenty and the laborers are few. Many have asked, I have given, and they withhold.
This will not happen. Be quick to obey. Stay in sync with Me, do a heart check every day, and you'll be okay.
Do not ask for it and then complain when I ask you to use it for a greater purpose.
Why would I give a gift endowment and not use it mightily? What use is a tool if it runs away and hides itself from Me?
Do not ask things of Me and then run from Me as Adam and Eve did.
With long life I will satisfy you, they keep saying, but they aren't satisfying Me.
I will not be mocked.'They are using that scripture against Him, saying, 'Lord, you said with long life You'll satisfy me,'but they're not satisfying the Lord.
He's trying to do something through them to save humanity for these last days, and they are like a stone wall to Him.
'You're quoting these scriptures at Me, but you're not satisfying Me.
Do not ask for it and then complain when I ask you to use it. What use is a tool if it runs away and hides itself from Me?
Do not ask things of Me and then run like Adam and Eve did. With long life I will satisfy you, they keep saying, but they aren't satisfying Me.
I will not be mocked. Instead of asking for My help for healing, energy, or youth renewed like an eagle, they withhold themselves from Me.
I'm tired, Lord, they say. Well, come home then.'Then I saw a marriage bed where a wife would say she's too tired.
The deeper you go with Me, be careful and don't get burned. If you abide in Me and My words abide in you, ask what you will and it will be done for you.
I was asking Him to pluck anything up in my heart that's bad and fix me, and He said, 'I know, daughter, you're good.
I'm just telling you what I require of you so you know what you're getting into.
I am not a fine-print God.'Think about that. He is bold; you don't have to guess what God's trying to tell you to do.
You don't have to read fine print like you see on those cartoons or in the movies.
God's word is bold, black and white. He said, 'I am not a fine-print God. I am El Shaddai, the all-consuming fire.
The revival can't happen until my harvesters are ready.'He has to have us to bring in the harvest.
He can't bring in the revival until His harvesters are ready.
Are you getting ready? Are you sold out? 'The revival cannot happen until My harvest is ready.
Don't make excuses to Me. Ask Me to make a way for you if you need something.
Don't ever come before Me and make excuses. I will not be mocked.
If you don't ask, I can't give it to you. I'm not a fine-print God; I want to bless you.
This isn't a trap. I love you, and I'm not looking to ensnare you.
I'm not like your earthly father. My yes is yes, and My no is no.
There's no gray with Me. Come before My throne boldly with grace.
No good thing will He withhold from them who walk uprightly.'I forgot to tell you that at the beginning of this, I had a 4% battery and couldn't find a charger.
I said, 'Lord, preserve my battery so I can write everything you're telling me.'He laughed and said, 'You come before My throne with such a small request, daughter.'I kept writing for over two hours, and when He finished talking, it was at 1%.
God is amazing. He said, 'If you sync up with Me, you won't have to ask what the now word is.
If you're asking, you've been out of sync for a while. I'm not a mean God; I'm focused.
I know exactly what needs to happen, and I'm tired of having to explain myself.
Get in sync or come home to Me.'I was thinking that sounded harsh, and He said, 'It's not harsh. They knew what I require of them, yet they offer excuses.
I will not be mocked.'I asked why He was telling me all this, and He said, 'You asked what was on My heart today.'He said no one's perfect, but He's asking us to stay usable.
'Don't come before My throne with excuses; I'm fed up with them.
They tell Me what they aren't going to do and why; it's a stench.
I am not a genie in a bottle.'Then He started talking about finances. He said if He can trust you, He will give more to you.
If people withhold finances, it means they love money more than Him.
He said, 'You passed the test with finances; I'm pleased.'I asked what I could do for Him, and He said, 'Stay in sync; don't become like them.'I asked if I could pray for them, and He said, 'Prayer is a sweet sound, but prayer won't change this.
Their hearts are hardened in this area.'He's talking about ministers who have become callous and puffed up because of their platforms.
They feel they are equal with Him or bigger than Him. They stop checking in because they think they already know what He's going to say.
They put Him in a box and get out of sync. Don't become reliant on the gift; stay reliant on Me.
When you start flowing in the Holy Spirit and seeing signs and wonders, don't stop spending time with Him every day.
Without Him, who are we? Without prayer, who are you anyway? It must be a pillar. You must fear God more than man.
Follow His leadings and promptings, and He's got your back. You work for Him; fear Him.
I feel the bottom line is for the body of Christ to know that He's out of time.
Jesus Christ is coming, and without His people yielding themselves, He cannot flow through them.
It must be frustrating for God; He wants to get things done on Earth, but He deals with knuckleheads who say they're tired.
He could appear as Elohim or Jehovah Jireh and say, 'I am God, get saved,'but He uses us. How bad do you want it? Do you want change or not?
If He gives you a gift, are you going to hold it hostage or let Him use it for the greater purpose?
Don't get a big head and think for Him. That's why He was correcting me about the Yankees—I was trying to think for Him.
Don't hide yourself because you're intimidated or care too much about people's opinions.
Stay in sync like the ticking of a clock. He knows exactly what you're supposed to do daily and hourly.
The Bible says to pray without ceasing. The disciples were filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit because they sought Him hourly.
Smith Wigglesworth was a great man of God who raised many from the dead.
He carried an Old and New Testament in his pockets and would read them every 15 minutes to stay filled with the spirit.
That's what it takes: being sold out. Have prayer as your foundation and don't give excuses.
God is a bold God. We make things so religious, but even a child can follow Him.
He's not looking to ensnare you. Can He use you like He did Billy Graham, Reinhard Bonnke, R.W.
Schambach, Kenneth Hagin, or Jack Coe? It's one thing to ask to be used and another to submit yourself fully to the refiner's fire.
I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that Jesus is coming, but He's not coming until He has His harvest.
He's waiting for people like us to be the mouthpiece. Be quick to obey, whether it's witnessing in Walmart or helping someone with a tank of gas.
You never know what someone is going through; they could be at their wit's end, and your obedience shows them the love of God. Diana bought tracts for us to keep in the car.
When she was five, she found a box of witnessing cards and felt the Holy Spirit tell her to give one to a scary-looking guy on a motorcycle.
She was trembling but told him, 'Jesus loves you.'That man started sobbing.
It impacted her forever. Some plant, some water, and some harvest.
The wheat crop is ready, and we're about to see signs and wonders like never before.
Let's pray for the election. Father, we thank You for another day.
We want this channel to be an oasis where people are refreshed.
We see the urgency of the hour. We call forth the harvest in the name of Jesus.
We speak to the coughs and drainage; we say we are healed and whole by Your stripes.
We thank You for boldness to tell the good news that Jesus Christ died and rose again.
We believe You raise the dead, cast out devils, and heal the blind.
We believe for the restoration of households and marriages.
We are God-conscious, not devil-conscious. You supply all our needs.
We speak against PTSD, Alzheimer's, dementia, autism, cerebral palsy, and Crohn's.
It is all under the blood. You took the crown of thorns so we don't have to have mental torment.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed. I plead the blood of Jesus over their minds.
According to 2 Timothy 1:7, God has not given them a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and a well-balanced mind.
We speak life over your bodies. We speak against addictions—drugs, alcohol, pornography.
You came to set the captives free, and it is already done. We thank You that You are going to turn around the election.
This will be a week of great victory. President Trump will be the next president, and we will have a red wave throughout this land.
We thank You for favor with the judges, that they would rule by the law of the land and not bias.
We thank You for Kari Lake, Ted Cruz, and all those running for office.
We pray for revival throughout the world—over Asia, Israel, and peace over Jerusalem.
We pray for the innocent lives in Palestine and protection over their children.
We thank You that the Israeli people would rise up and take the land back.
We call for an exposing of all rioting. I call for peace over this land and no terrorist attacks.
We thank You for divine protection over polling areas. We believe God is not done with America yet.
We pray over finances and thank You for the blessing on our homes.
Rebuke the devourer for our sake. Everyone say amen. I'm thankful you came on today, babe.
That word was powerful. Thank You, Lord, for speaking to my wife.
If you're new here, we're taking off Cash App; we aren't going to use it anymore.
PayPal and Venmo are fine, but we're going to use Zelle. We're also doing t-shirts as a witnessing tool.
Let's make Christian t-shirts great again—not the cheesy ones you find at Mardel.
We'll have coffee cups and sweatshirts in the link below. We also have tax-deductible donation options now for those who asked.
We hit 400,000 subscribers! Subscribe if you haven't, and click the notification bell.
We'll see you tomorrow for the election. We might do a live stream to watch the coverage together for an hour or two.
I don't want to watch CNN or MSNBC; that'll make your hair fall out.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you and we love you. God bless you. Bye-bye.